In the next part of the lesson,
you'll code the front-end.
You'll start working with the three languages needed to code
a webpage: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
As a reminder, HTML controls the content,
CSS is in charge of style,
and JavaScript takes care of interactivity.
I want to emphasize that this part of the lesson will
be a brief overview of these three languages.
In reality, it can take a few weeks,
if not months, to really learn them.
You could code the front-end of a data dashboard including
visualizations using only these three languages and nothing else.
However, you are an intelligent busy data scientist
and there's no reason to do everything from scratch.
Once you've seen the basics of how to build a webpage,
I'll introduce you to a front-end framework called Bootstrap.
Bootstrap helps you make professional looking websites rather
quickly because a lot of the CSS is taken care of for you.
Finally, you'll work with a JavaScript library called Plotly.
Plotly makes adding data visualizations relatively
easy although it does take some time to get used to the syntax.
With all this in mind,
let's start building the front-end.